Experimental Implementation of jest matchers for DID (#59)
w3c/did-test-suite: packages/jest-did-matcher/README.md

## Reference from did-core-test-server

`../did-core-test-server/package.json` contains filesytem relative reference to this package.

## Predicates design policy

> Since this is a matcher for testing, all of the predicates are stricter than standard defifnition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this is a matcher for testing, all of the predicates are stricter than standard definition.
```

> Followings are the list of design choices made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the list of design choices made.
```

> - Following predicates checks whether the target is string or not, to not allow NaN and undefined as a value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Following predicates check whether the target is string or not, to not allow `NaN` or `undefined` as a value
```
